Enhance documentation with API examples, troubleshooting, and corrected LWC imports (#3)
aidan-harding/nebula-environment-metadata: README.md

  - [Other Custom Metadata Types](#apex-interface-other-custom-metadata-types)
  - [LWC](#apex-interface-lwc)
  - [Flow](#apex-interface-flow)
- [Best Practices](#best-practices)
- [Troubleshooting](#troubleshooting)
- [Security Model](#security-model)
- [Contributing](#contributing)

## Installation

### Package Installation URL

Install the latest version using this URL:
```
https://login.salesforce.com/packaging/installPackage.apexp?p0=04tQB000000EqTNYA0
```

For sandbox environments:
```
https://test.salesforce.com/packaging/installPackage.apexp?p0=04tQB000000EqTNYA0
```

**Note:** The package ID above (`04tQB000000EqTNYA0`) points to version 1.4.0. Check the [releases](https://github.com/Nebula-Consulting/nebula-environment-metadata/releases) for the latest available version.

### SFDX/Salesforce CLI Installation

Add the package dependency to your `sfdx-project.json`:

```json
{
  "packageDirectories": [
    {
      "path": "force-app",
      "default": true,
      "dependencies": [
        {
          "package": "Nebula Environment Metadata",
          "versionNumber": "1.4.0.LATEST"
        }
      ]
    }
  ]
}
```

Or use the package ID directly: `04tQB000000EqTNYA0`

> **Note:** This package requires the **Nebula Core** package as a dependency, which will be automatically installed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note:** This package requires the **Nebula Core** package as a dependency, this must be manually installed.
```

- `Service_Name__c` (Text, used as key)
- `Endpoint__c` (URL)
- `Timeout__c` (Number)

You would create records like:
- Production record: Service_Name = "PaymentAPI", Environment = Production, Endpoint = "https://api.prod.example.com"
- UAT record: Service_Name = "PaymentAPI", Environment = UAT, Endpoint = "https://api.uat.example.com" 

## Matching values in environments

Values in environments are matched by looking at their Environment reference and the Org Domain URL within it. Matching
happens in order of preference:

1. **Specific environment match**: If there is a custom metadata record associated with an Environment that matches the 
   current org (via `Url.getOrgDomainUrl().toExternalForm()`, `DomainCreator.getOrgMyDomainHostname()`, or My Domain subdomain),
   then that record is returned.
2. **Default environment**: If there is a record in an Environment with no Org Domain URL set, then that record is returned.
3. **No match**: Otherwise, nothing is returned. The form that "nothing" takes depends on the API you use to access the property:
   - `EnvironmentProperties.get()` returns `null`
   - `EnvironmentMetadata.get()` returns `null`

>    - `EnvironmentMetadata.getAll()` returns an empty list

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - `nebc.EnvironmentProperties.get()` returns `null`
   - `nebc.EnvironmentMetadata.get()` returns `null`
   - `nebc.EnvironmentMetadata.getAll()` returns an empty list
```

);

// Get a specific config
API_Config__mdt paymentConfig = (API_Config__mdt)apiConfigs.get('PaymentAPI');
if (paymentConfig != null) {
    System.debug('Endpoint: ' + paymentConfig.Endpoint__c);
    System.debug('Timeout: ' + paymentConfig.Timeout__c);
}

// Get all configs for this environment
List<API_Config__mdt> allConfigs = (List<API_Config__mdt>)apiConfigs.getAll();
for (API_Config__mdt config : allConfigs) {
    System.debug('Service: ' + config.Service_Name__c + ', Endpoint: ' + config.Endpoint__c);
}
``` 

### Apex Interface: LWC

[EnvironmentPropertiesLwc](force-app/main/default/classes/EnvironmentPropertiesLwc.cls) provides two `@AuraEnabled` 
methods to access the properties from Lightning Web Components.

#### Methods

**Get a single property:**
```apex
@AuraEnabled(Cacheable=true)
global static String get(String key)
```

**Get all properties as a map:**
```apex
@AuraEnabled(Cacheable=true)
global static Map<String, String> getAll()
```

#### JavaScript/LWC Examples

**Import and use in your LWC:**

```javascript
import { LightningElement, wire } from 'lwc';
import getEnvironmentProperty from '@salesforce/apex/EnvironmentPropertiesLwc.get';

> import getAllEnvironmentProperties from '@salesforce/apex/EnvironmentPropertiesLwc.getAll';

Reviewer: ```suggestion
import getEnvironmentProperty from '@salesforce/apex/nebc.EnvironmentPropertiesLwc.get';
import getAllEnvironmentProperties from '@salesforce/apex/nebc.EnvironmentPropertiesLwc.getAll';
```

export default class MyComponent extends LightningElement {
    apiEndpoint;
    allProperties;
    
    // Get a single property
    @wire(getEnvironmentProperty, { key: 'API_Endpoint' })
    wiredProperty({ error, data }) {
        if (data) {
            this.apiEndpoint = data;
            console.log('API Endpoint:', this.apiEndpoint);
        } else if (error) {
            console.error('Error retrieving property:', error);
        }
    }
    
    // Get all properties
    @wire(getAllEnvironmentProperties)
    wiredAllProperties({ error, data }) {
        if (data) {
            this.allProperties = data;
            console.log('All properties:', this.allProperties);
            // Access specific properties: data.API_Endpoint, data.Feature_Flag, etc.
        } else if (error) {
            console.error('Error retrieving properties:', error);
        }
    }
}
```

**Imperative call example:**

```javascript
import { LightningElement } from 'lwc';

> import getEnvironmentProperty from '@salesforce/apex/EnvironmentPropertiesLwc.get';

Reviewer: ```suggestion
import getEnvironmentProperty from '@salesforce/apex/nebc.EnvironmentPropertiesLwc.get';
```

export default class MyComponent extends LightningElement {
    async loadProperty() {
        try {
            const endpoint = await getEnvironmentProperty({ key: 'API_Endpoint' });
            console.log('Endpoint:', endpoint);
        } catch (error) {
            console.error('Error:', error);
        }
    }
}
```

**Notes:**
- Both methods are marked as `Cacheable=true`, making them suitable for use with `@wire`
- The `getAll()` method returns a JavaScript object/map where keys are property keys and values are property values

> - When importing from a managed package, reference the class name directly without the namespace prefix (e.g., `EnvironmentPropertiesLwc`). The namespace is handled automatically by the Salesforce platform when the package is installed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- When importing from a managed package, reference the class name directly with the namespace prefix (e.g., `nebc.EnvironmentPropertiesLwc`).
```
